docs: Translation generation in README.md (issue #259) (#275)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_core: README.md

    }
}
```

> ### Generating the translations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generating Translations
```

> In order to use the translations, you need to generate them. From the root folder of the app, run the following command:
> 
> ```
> flutter gen-l10n
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the latest translations changes, you will need to generate them beforehand. Flutter will automatically generate them per `flutter run`. Alternatively, if you would like to avoid running the entire application, you may do:

```sh
# 💬 Generate the newest l10n files (from project root):
flutter gen-l10n
```
```
